DevDapp Walkthrough - 2025/10/17 15:51 EDT - Transcript
Attendees
[No Credits], Brent Davies, DeFi Hussle, Ed (RedKnot), Garrett Minks, Luq, Nicholas Massey, Patrick Polzin, Rene Matis, Steve Sko, Tim2Min
Transcript
Garrett Minks: All the stuff is working. Sweet. ju just for a little while.
Ed (RedKnot): Garrett, I was gonna ask, how long have you been aware of it?
Garrett Minks: And if you guys want to start I can do my little kind of background and spiel and stuff and then maybe get started. Yeah. what's that?
Ed (RedKnot): I just said, "Yeah, cool. Sounds good.
Garrett Minks: Yeah. Sweet. So hi everybody. I am Garrett, founder of Rare Technologies and we actually Think through Root Network.
Garrett Minks: So my company was in the second dinari labs token accelerator and graduated from that and we were on the network crack. So it was I think root network flow and then actually forget the third cohort one but anyways we were part of the root one and graduated and yeah that's kind of how we got to know Mike and the think guys through that.  Of course, I know Rude is on a little bit of hard times right now, but yeah, that's kind of how we got to know know you guys. And yeah, I was super pumped to show kind of what we've been working on. some of this work did come out of the accelerator, but as you guys know, the speed of this kind of AI assisted engineering coding stuff is super fast. So, a lot of things we're doing are even kind of newer than that.
Garrett Minks: We graduated earlier this year from that program. So, with that, if why don't I just jump in and then we can record it and then also chop up the recording and stuff and send it out. But yeah, I'm super pumped to have everyone that joined here because this is definitely the inaugural trial run of this thing. I've been putting it together for about two and a half months now. And this is kind of the first time it's publicly viewable and accessible. So it's exciting. Yeah. Thanks thanks so much Patrick for organizing everything.
Patrick Polzin: Yeah, you got it.
Garrett Minks: Totally. so yeah let me start kind of from absolute zero and then we'll see if we can get a full end toend DAP built at the end of this thing before the end of the hour.
Garrett Minks: So, it's kind of a audacious goal, but I think we could actually actually do it. So, to start, I'll kind of just give little brief explanation of what this devdap com So, what you're looking at here is an end toend DAP that was put together for $0 entirely for free. the only thing that was actually paid for was just a tiny bit of cursor like API usage. and even that if you don't even want to pay cursor, you could just use the auto model and feasibly get this whole thing to work, which is just fascinating. My background prior to this, we'd built all sorts of DAP infrastructure starting in 2020 time frame.
Garrett Minks: I raised some funding in 21, built out all of this Kubernetes stuff and MongoDB cloud Atlas and all this stuff had had a pretty big team and it's kind of shocking to say in the last maybe two and a half months of working I think this is a equivalent scalable system to that except instead of thousands of dollars a month in cloud bills and hiring a bunch of employees and stuff now now it costs zero and also scales and is secure which is
Garrett Minks: which is really really nuts. So as a bit of background if you guys are kind of familiar with the more web two side of this kind of vibe coding phenomenon that's come out. There are a lot of people out there that have had quite a lot of success with using Burcell to do all of the it's called tinu integration, continuous deployment, putting your code out on the internet part. So rather than just looking at it on local host, you can look at it out on the live internet. and then the kind of back part of the stack is this thing called superbase which is kind of I think a better version of Firebase but it's basically a completely abstracted back end.
Garrett Minks: So what you're looking at here is our kind of customtuned source version of the Verscell Superbase primary template that has also been enhanced with the full Coinbase developer program API keys kind of shoved into it behind the scenes.  And I think this versel superbase plus abstracted web 3, it really is the future to make something that is literally zero dollars to try out. all of the services you can get pretty close to 5,000 monthly active users for free, which is totally nuts. So kind of barrier to entry, zero zero cost.
00:05:00
Garrett Minks: I think web 3 as a space, if we can apply the kind of latest and greatest ways that these web two SAS things are getting off the ground with versell and superbase and apply that same approach to web 3, then we'll have way more shots on goal and ultimately have this amazing infrastructure of immutable databases and such, actually being used by people and making cool production grade products.  So, I guess the first thing that I'll do and then feel free to follow along as well to and I'll kind of couch this by saying let's just pretend that we're not developers even if we are because I've tried to engineer this system to not actually require any development itself but take it to the point where you can kind of copy paste these pre-engineered prompts into cursor and actually get at least the core
Garrett Minks: basic guts of your DAP built. Of course, then whatever your unique business logic is can kind of take over and you can modify it from there. but today basically can we get a very basic DAP out on the open internet that has a real database behind it that could make a web3 call.  So let me log out here and if you guys go to devdap.com it's this verscell hosted superbase Coinbase website and you can either do the email login or I also got the GitHub login to work which is quite cool too. So you could log in either with email or if anybody's curious how I did it you can set up sort of OOTH stuff inside of GitHub and then allow your users to log in with GitHub as well.
Garrett Minks: Another quite kind of cool interesting thing that I did was build this whole kind of token gating functionality. Again, once you clone this repository, you'll also be able to do all this and have all the code to do it. So, what I did kind of for fun is just, if you have 3,000 of these rare tokens, you'll be able to see this what I call super guide. So, there's kind of a basic copy paste guide and then a fancier guide. and anybody that logs in right now will basically have enough of these tokens to do that and then you can kind of get access to the super guide here. so kind of everything else that we'll be doing today if you guys want to make an account real quick, log in, this guide here has all of the copy paste cursor commands that you will need to kind of do everything.
Garrett Minks: so I guess as a caveat to, this isn't the one stack to rule them all. that's the beauty of computer science. There's a million ways to solve a problem. I just happen to think that this flow here is the current Q3 2025 easiest way to solve stuff. and I really like using cursor. and I'll show some of the cool kind of functionalities here, but there's a new functionality in cursor, this browser mode that basically allows it to pretend view pretend to actually click around in a live browser, make sure that everything is working and do all the testing for which is really powerful and I haven't seen that feature roll out in cloud code or in wind surf or whatnot quite yet.
Garrett Minks: that kind of tilts the deck at least for me towards cursor but whatever your favorite AI IDE is would work the same way if you like client or one of these other ones so the very first step here is and again you might be super advanced developer and not need this but this is for somebody who doesn't know anything about how to do any kind of vibe coding this prompt here will actually install git in your  machine for you and then make all these keys. Basically, once you have git on your computer, you need to hook it up with this thing called GitHub. So, Git controls all of the source code and then GitHub, this thing that Microsoft owns, actually is like a thing out on the open internet that lets you download the code.
Garrett Minks: so the very first part of the guide is basically just getting git installed on your computer. And I won't run this totally from scratch because my system's already set up. but yeah, this one prompt here in cursor will do that for you. just as a real kind of quick aside on cursor, you really just need a place locally somewhere on your computer to do this stuff.  So you can open a new project and then make a new folder and my cool project and then eventually what we'll do is we'll actually download the template that I made and then put it in here and then that way you can have update the code and then ultimately push it out onto the open internet.
00:10:00
Garrett Minks: so basically from a totally empty window like this. If you're on the free one, it'll just say auto and it'll pick a cheap model, which, works reasonably well. If you do spend any money though, I would say spending 20 bucks a month on the pro cursor is definitely worth it. again because versel all the hosting base all the back end is free coinbase developer program all the sapoleia testn net gas which anyway we'll get in some of that later all free so really the only thing that you would actually need to pay for is one thing too I'll show real quick is kind of little tips and tricks on cursor itself.
Garrett Minks: So, you can see every time I prompt it, again, this is for the pro one. It costs just a little bit of money. there's a brand new model that came out two days ago that I've been using a bunch. It's a model what is it, three times cheaper, twice as fast, but 85% as good is the highest fanciest end model out there. And it's working pretty well for me. I typically either use this model or the Grock models that have come out which again if you go into cursor you can pick all these different ones. the Grock model is also free right now in cursor. I feel like has a bit of an attitude and kind of cowboys things a little bit more than I would like. The claw bottles seem to follow the rules a little bit better.
Garrett Minks: but either of those basically you can definitely stay under the $20 a month cap picking either of those models. Anyways, once you pick one then it's really just like taking these prompts and kind of copy pasting them out of the guide and into cursor and then the AI does literally everything for you. It's nuts. It has access to a thing called the terminal on your computer.  So you don't actually do any of the setup or the initialization yourself. A cursor is actually doing it for and these prompts here I've worked on quite a bit to kind of do the stuff for you and try to do the vast majority of the setup for so yeah, step two is the GitHub account.
Garrett Minks: and if people are not familiar with GitHub it is the kind of Microsoft owned universal place to store and download all of your code on the internet and GitHub uses the git that you just installed on your computer to do this.  So basically once you create a GitHub account then you can download and fork this repository here. And if anybody wants to do that right now I will put it in the Cool.
Garrett Minks: So this open source repository here is my kind of flavor of the Verscell where the Verscell Superbase default template kind of just lets you build a web 2 experience, this one has been extended to also allow you to do the Coinbase developer program stuff.  And yeah, it was kind of the culmination of two or three months of work of me, beating my head into the computer eight hours a day for, months to kind of get all the stuff working behind the scenes. So, with this GitHub repository here, you can fork it, which means you can make a copy of it and then you can get it installed locally on your machine. And I can sort of show it, I guess, a little bit.
Garrett Minks: you could either take the prompt right out of there or again in cursor here you can say hey please clone and download this thing in my cursor project. again with the prerequisites that you have it git hub installed. so we'll kind of skip ahead and then say that hey you've got this cool open source repository now for so the interesting thing is what you have 85% of what you need with the open source repository but the things that you don't have are these API keys. So basically these credentials to actually have instead of it being a default template have it actually hooked up with real production credentials that can log in real users and such. So we'll go back to the guide and we'll check that out next.
00:15:00
Garrett Minks: So, oops, cool. So, we've got git and we've got a GitHub account. And again, it's really easy to make a GitHub account. You can use OOTH, you can connect your Gmail or make a GitHub account. and then this is the part here that actually allows the local Git on your computer to actually connect with GitHub.  And it's a little tricky. but you can have cursor you can just say hey cursor give me the SSH key and it will give you the SSH key and this guide thing here will tell you to go here and then you'll make a new SSH key in GitHub and you'll paste it in and then at that point you can do a hello world type thing.
Garrett Minks: you can say," Readme is the kind of instruction file at the base of the repository, edit this thing, update it, and then commit it and then see if it actually happens. And then you've kind of proven the full flow that you can actually use this thing called source control. You can download the fork and then you can modify it a little bit. And then with this SSH key, cursor will then allow you to push the code back up to GitHub.
Garrett Minks: there's two really important reasons why you want to do this. if your code is under source control, that means that when the AI does something stupid, which tably you can do a thing called rolling it back. So you can see here that I've committed at least this repository 0 something times. right, so every time I'm doing something,  I'm constantly writing down what I'm doing and that way if the thing goes rogue basically it's called a roll back. You don't actually too have to know how to write all of the git commands to do that. You can again use cursor or equivalent IDE and then it'll roll those changes back for you.
Garrett Minks: But the second most important reason why you need to use GitHub is once you use GitHub, you can completely automate your entire deployment process because you can connect your GitHub to this thing called Verscell over here. so when I mentioned at the beginning there's kind of these three critical pieces the kind of front-end deployment piece, the backend piece and then the web 3 piece. and again not to totally pump Versel and leave there's another one called Netlifi they're fine people used to use this thing called Heroku back in the day it's fine a lot of people still deploy the code using their own custom scripts to their own virtual private servers which I guess is also fine but this does all of the heavy lifting for you and does all of the security stuff for you and if
Garrett Minks: you scale up and your idea is successful, then you've already built the infrastructure to just pay for sell a dimminimous amount of money and then you can scale from the couple thousand users you get for free every month to, a million users. It's nuts. in fact, Burcell Superbase, I think, runs a pretty big chunk of Netflix infrastructure. it really does scale. so what I'm looking at here is me pushing new code to GitHub and then the magic of Verscell is it's taking that code and it's automatically putting it out onto the open internet for me. but for whatever reason it fails, here I tried to do something and it didn't build properly, it won't actually screw up your website.
Garrett Minks: it'll just error out and then keep it back on the old version. so yeah, so the way that you kind of set these two things up is you log into Verscell with your GitHub account. So it's really important that the GitHub account that you make is the single source of truth because you'll be logging into both Verscell and Superbase with the same GitHub account. so once you do that, there'll be a little button I'll say, hey, look at my repositories and deploy this new one. So if I actually have a couple of projects here and I think you get four or five projects for free. Let me in fact, yeah, here's the starter kit one that I deployed.
00:20:00
Garrett Minks: So if you log into Verscell with GitHub it's going to say what are your repositories that you've already added to your project. which is why the very important kind of prerequisite step is that you take this starter kit template here and then  you at least fork it and clone it to your own repository because once it's in your own repository then you can deploy it to verscell so yeah so let's go back to the guide real quick and kind of see where exactly we are aha fork so go to GitHub you can just click this button you can fork it the other quite important part and again you don't have to do this yourself you can have the machine do it so
Garrett Minks: Verscell uses its own version of JavaScript called Nex.jx. It doesn't really matter. it's tuned and made to work well with Verscell. And the open source code that they give you is written in this Nex.js. because it's written in this version of JavaScript, you need to install this thing called Node. so that is the one other prerequisite on your machine.  So in the grand scheme of installing a bunch of stuff on your computer it's way less resource intensive than a docker and stuff like that almost any machine can run pretty much any machine can have node installed on it. so that's kind of the last local prerequisite. Again you've got git that cursor did for you.
Garrett Minks: you have the node installed and then that SSH key helps basically confirm that you can actually commit something to GitHub and then when you have your basel account then you can actually deploy stuff so yeah so then this step will take the repository and then clone it so that you can see it locally on your machine I typically just  put stuff into the documents folder here. And I've got a bunch of different versions of that. and then basically the whole workflow is that you do stuff locally. You test it locally. You make sure that it works locally and then you say, "Hey, commit to remote main for me." And then everything that you did locally just magically shows up on the open internet on your website because of her.
Garrett Minks: so yeah so clone and install here we go deploy to versel so you can sign up authorize versel to access the repository and then deploy it. so those steps there I think effectively make Squarespace and Wix and all of those sort of things just totally redundant irrelevant businesses in 2025. because you have the full power for the AI to just make the prettiest website that you want and put it out onto the open internet for free. So why would you pay Squarespace $20 a month to do the same thing? you basically do it for free. but there's a big difference between just a static prettyl looking website and an actual fully functional end toend application. So this phase three is where things get quite interesting.
Garrett Minks: and this is where again I'll just kind of share my screen and show kind of where all the correct setup is. but ultimately, with these kind of nice copy paste commands, the cursor will be able to do a lot of this for you. so don't be intimidated by so and if you look at them it looks a little intimidating.  and you're like, " man, there's this crap that's going on." but you really don't need to worry about 90 to 95% of all of these buttons and all this crap that it does. you really just have to do this kind of minimum viable path to actually get your system set up.
Garrett Minks: so I'll explain a little bit about now how environment variables work and how superbase works and then we'll try to kind of hook these two together and then I'll kind of show you how that works. so this is superbase. so just forcell $0 a month they will basically give you an infinitely scalable thing called postgress doesn't matter it's like a fancy version of SQL that allows you to do all of the backend and all the databases and all that kind of stuff. And it's where you manage all of your users and all of your authentication which is really nice. It does prior to this you had to kind of glue everything together separately.
00:25:00
Garrett Minks: but now it is a combined complete backend as a service. It does all your API stuff. it does all your authentication. it's nuts. it's really cool. So what we'll see here and I'll kind why not just show some of what's going on. it shows all of the databases that you have all these things called schemas which is your user data where you're saving fields.  So this is how you build a real legit SAS product. You have users, you have fields. This is where you can do things like Stripe integration. it's basically your kind of offchain source source of truth.
Garrett Minks: so if I real quick go to authentication here, we'll see these are all the users that have signed up for the website and Superbase is again keeping them all, totally abstracted. Did they log in with an email? When was the last time they logged in the default repository, I've also made one nice little piece of logic that, you pretty much expect every kind of website that you log into to be able to upload a profile picture and store it and save it for so I've kind of had the AI engineer all of that and then compress the profile picture really small.
Garrett Minks: Superbase by default gives you I think It's like a 100 megabytes or something of free storage. but you would be surprised how far 100 megabytes can go if you just compress the user images into 10 kilobytes or whatever. so the default template that you downloaded has all of this logic already in it to do things like the profile picture.  Basically everything that you see when you're on the DevDap site is something that is in the template. So upload a profile picture change about me etc. All of this stuff is now when you update it it's saving it into the live suitbase website. These tokens are also offchain right now.
Garrett Minks: So it's basically just updating a field in the database. I will show at the end kind of how you can turn tokens onchain but we'll just keep it simple now. so the really part of superbase and actually the really important part of just kind of developing in general is that if you go back to burcell.  So, imagine Verscell is kind of the main source of truth that has to have all of your credentials in it correctly and it needs credentials from Superbase and it needs credentials from Coinbase to work properly.
Garrett Minks: So if you go to Purcell and again this stuff is kind of buried but if you go to settings and you go to environment variables here you will see that you can upload all of your environment variables and that is how you effectively take a empty default project and actually make it work and store real credentials. so let me go over to the main. So there's a private repository that has the main devap site in it and then there's kind of a clone of it, a public repo. there's a lot of reasons to do that. If you let your environment variables get loose and they're open source, then people can hack into your system. It's like a pretty big, security no. so this is the one part where you really want to be careful.
Garrett Minks: to kind of manage these things because they're effectively the secrets that allow anybody with those secrets to either get into your backend, get into your database, so you definitely want to be careful and not commit them in plain text to your open source repository because then everybody will see your environment variables and there's bots that scrape GitHub constantly that will just again if there's not real live production data in it, you're fine. It doesn't matter. but there's been so many horror stories of people vi coding things and doing that and then having their SAS business get destroyed because they leaked some keys. So anyways, so here's I'll show you though. again, I'm not going to click the unhide, but I'll show you the actual correctly configured how this works after you're sort of all done. and again you can do this all for you.
00:30:00
Garrett Minks: So effectively to take the default template that we provide the open source template and make it work properly you just have to set all of these environment variables correctly. and you can either kind of manually copy paste them in or there's a really nice thing that Verscell does where you can do this thing called import env. And then you just upload your environment variable file and it will parse it and it will save all the stuff into Verscell for you.
Garrett Minks: and that's kind of the actual hardest part of everything else is pretty easy. Even this isn't that difficult. It's not again actually coding. It's sort of manipulating these interfaces to get these previously existing production grade stuff kind of glued together in a way that would allow you to build a real application with real users that's really querying the blockchain, which I'll show at the end.
Garrett Minks: so yeah so before I ramble too far let me go back to the guide and see how we did here. set up superbase. one nuance there is a button in Verscell that allows you to deploy Superbase inside of Verscell and I wouldn't do that. I would get an independent Superbase account made that you log into with your same GitHub account as A small nuance there, but Verscell has some kind of weird incestuous like SAS thing going on where I don't know if it's a crippled version, but it's just kind of weird when you use Verscell to install Superbase.
Garrett Minks: I think the better way to do it is to just get a regular superbase account and then all you need to do is tell versell the environment variables and then it works better and then you have your own independent superbase. So it also makes you slightly more resilient. for whatever reason you don't like then you could switch to netlefi or something else and you would have your own production database that's kind of segregated from that. so yeah so okay so the most kind of interesting part of superbase so again if the goal is that you just have a good idea you have good business logic how to get customers etc but you don't necessarily know how to code that how do you manipulate these systems in a way that you can basically paste your way into a functional DAP on the superbase side you have to configure
Garrett Minks: you have to configure everything correctly. you have to have tables, here's all the staking and unstaking transactions. Here's anyway, if you log in and you see, and you're staking and unstaking the rare tokens and if you only have that many rare tokens, then you're able to access the super guide. But if you don't have that many tokens,'re not, if you want to do token gating, all that stuff needs to be configured in the database correctly. and you can see that it is but how did I actually configure scoopase correctly to do this? one of the other reasons why superbase is so awesome there's this thing called a SQL editor here and what you do is you go over to cursor or it's in the open source repository here.
Garrett Minks: is basically a SQL file it's in the guide. it'll link you to it. but you basically just copy paste the SQL command into Superbase and then it will set up all of your fields for you. and feasibly we'll set it up in a way with row level security and there is some nuance in the SQL scripts that I've provided in the default open source database are I think good they've passed our internal audits and seem to be secure with any open source software buyer beware this part here is the real guts of your  system and this is the part where if you don't do it correctly then people will me mess you up.
00:35:00
Garrett Minks: the good people at Superbase make a extremely secure product right that if configured correctly will allow you to run a million user web two SAS business or web 3 business on but if you configure it wrong then you're screwed. so this is definitely the one piece to be a bit careful but again if you're just looking to do a basic can I log users in with a social login? can I make them a wallet behind the scenes? Can I upload a profile picture and then change it? all of those basics have been really trod through quite extensively.
Garrett Minks: it's just in again the nuances of your specific business that you want to do you want to make I don't know some sort of web three dog grooming app or something then you would need to have those fields in there for what kind of dog or whatever or how many tokens does it cost to have the dog washed all that stuff is custom and would need to basically go into superbase through the SQL editor.  Anyways, so where are we? So, So, this is the actual fun part here. So, I've broken these things into five phases. again, from absolute zero, the GitHub part, the versell part, superbase the fun part though is the Coinbase developer program. So, again, I'm sure there's a million other ways to do this.
Garrett Minks: I think this is the kind of most web two friendly secure abstracted way of making a functional DAP that could feasibly scale because the Coinbase developer platform allows you to export API keys that allow you to use web 3 in an identical way that you would use Superbase. which is really really sweet. I know Salana and some other folks have made some kind of strides for this but in my humble opinion this is definitely the most sophisticated kind of out of the box web 3 setup for the basics for getting test net funds for making users wallets for sending and receiving transactions for querying existing audited smart contracts and not rolling your own.
Garrett Minks: the Coinbase developer program does an amazing job at that. there's a caveat that of course they want you to use bass which makes sense. so while they say it supports any EVM definitely with air quotes it supports bass by far the best which I think obviously is in their business best interest to do. I don't have any problem with it.  So what you see kind of in the default template is a way to make again versell Superbase Coinbase CDP can you have a kind of out of the box full stack web3 application built.
Garrett Minks: so if you want to play with it, we can kind of actually let me go back to and then we'll go to the profile. And if you want to see this working down here, I built this thing called my wallet. When you first log in, you'll need to make a new wallet. when you make a new wallet, it's going to save that wallet address into Superbase.
Garrett Minks: when you request testn net funds here like that which is so cool automatically adds to the transaction history you can go look on the base scan that it just happened 5 seconds ago or whatever but the real beauty of this template that we put together is that all the Coinbase CDP stuff is inside of superbase which means that you have a complete web two experience for your user  users I clicked, request test net funds. It didn't fire up MetaMask and had me sign something. I mean, it's is and trust me, I'm like a kind of a self-custody, maxi a little bit in a but as far as making enduser accessible applications, this is by far the easiest way to do it. yeah, so it's quite incredible.
Garrett Minks: Again, the default template that you deploy, the GitHub URL link that I sent in the chat will have all of this functionality working totally out of the box. Make wallets, request send testn net funds. Of course, if you want to send mainet funds instead of test net funds, you'll need to configure a few environment variables differently.  If you want to query some kind of I don't know make ERC 721s or whatever make some NFTts again you can do that all through this kind of abstracted coinbased system. It just requires again more configuration in the Superbase SQL editor and then of of course more configuration on the Coinbase but yeah, I think we're kind of rounding home base.
00:40:00
Garrett Minks: you're getting close and thank you for paying attention this whole time because I've been talking and talking for a while. yes. the testing. so, let's just assume that all of that went great. And I know I'm going faster than actual clicking speed here. just kind of giving you a rundown of it rather than doing kind of, click by click that you can follow along with.  But again hopefully the guide is clear enough that you can follow so testing that's the ultimate piece of this. So again if we've got a Verscell deployed application before I get into testing I do want to mention the one other thing you could spend 99 cents on that would make your website way better. I use this thing called NameCheep.
Garrett Minks: There's instructions in the guide as well. there's lots of places that you can buy domain names from. I just happen to like them because they're extremely extremely cheap. so if you wanted a 99 cent domain name rather than going to some random Verscell URL here, here's environment variables and the Versell settings. Here's the domain setting. stupid easy to do this.  You just set one CNAME and A record. Anyway, there's in the guide it shows you how to do it. you buy something in NameCheep and now it's automatically going to an actual website.
Garrett Minks: So, feasibly the actual cost to get 5,000 users, te test an idea all the way to 5,000 paying users web two or web 3 is ostensibly, the cost of one domain name $0 versus $0 superbase and the cost I would recommend the procursor. but if you wanted to be really cheap, perhaps you could use the free cursor and actually get 5,000 paying customers. anyways, so let's round home base. Let's assume that we have a website on a real domain name, real URL deployed to Purcell that actually has the environment variables hooked up with it with the SQL editor script that has now enabled you to build a full stack application. how do we test it? So this is definitely the coolest thing that cursor has done.
Garrett Minks: I followed that man there's this Manis project out of China earlier this year that really blew people's minds where effectively the agent was controlling the browser and everybody was all freaked out about it my god the agent can control the browser. as of three days ago that landed inside of cursor which is just absolutely nuts. I think the upshot of turning this little browser button on is that prior when you were testing during your vibe coding, you would pull up local host yourself and you would look at it and you'd be like, "This formatting sucks or there's a bug or this sucks."
Garrett Minks: And now because of this browser, it can both go out and do its own testing on localhost and it can deploy it to Verscell and I do a little trick where I give it the login and password in a text file. So it can go log into the production server. and it can use a mailinator email address to go make as many fictitious or real feasibly real but it can sign up as many test users as you want. and it can do all of that and it can manipulate all of it by just clicking this browser button here. So yeah, let's look at the final verification checklist, table editor, whatever.
Garrett Minks: So basically for the testing you want it to use the browser to make a real account to go click the get test net funds to go make the wallet to go send the funds do all of that stuff because it can basically be like a artificial person that goes out and end to end tests test your application and whenever you want to  build a new feature, Because I'm like this isn't the fantasy. It's not giving you a complete working NFT marketplace or something out of the box. it's, fairly simple right now. Of course, I want to keep making the template better over time. But again, say you've got the idea for the magic like dog grooming business or something. how would you feasibly go about doing it?
00:45:00
Garrett Minks: the workflow that I like to use and there's also a new tool called cursor plan which I don't know I haven't played with it much. I think I'm kind of doing what cursor plan is doing just myself. but effectively to build something new I have this little docs folder that I make and then I have it write a plan in a thing called markdown.  So it writes these really elaborate plans about how it wants to do to do some new thing and I iteratively have it criticize itself or have multiple models criticize the output until it's very very tight and refined about exactly what to do.
Garrett Minks: there's some kind of copy paste prompts in there that would help you. example, it doesn't know how to kill local host for whatever reason. So if you put in your prompt always pkill always kill local host and then restart it again then it can test itself better without getting stuck. just one example there's a thousand of them. but if you kind of use again this kind of copy paste template approach, build a plan, have it criticize the plan, then finally implement the plan, but then when it implements the plan, say, "Hey, use local host to test and verify and make screenshots that it looks good in mobile dimensions and looks good in desktop dimensions and doesn't break anything and doesn't add any new dependencies, etc."
Garrett Minks: that's kind of the basic flow. and again, if you want to do something that is just a UI change. it's pretty easy. it'll modify these they're called TSX, these TypeScript files. That stuff is quite straightforward. again if you want to make real piece of new functionality it will have to write a new SQL editor script as well because you can't have a front end without a backend you need more fields and more API endpoints which again the superbase abstracts for you which is amazing.
Garrett Minks: but yeah, so effectively to make something new, kind of conclude this and then I can open it up for maybe 10 minutes of answering questions and stuff. and then give my voice a break for a second. yeah, that's of the whole flow in a nutshell. you try to use these production grade existing free tools to get something that works correctly. and then very carefully plan modify it and then have it now use this browser functionality to really verify and test that it is doing the intended behavior of course all the nuances of don't leak your keys and be careful with your environment variables but yeah so that I think that about concludes my guide test it boom you deployed so yeah I would love any feedback
Garrett Minks: back anybody has on this. I think it's cool. I think it's a clever way to build brand new D end to end. but yeah I will stop sharing now and if anybody has any questions
Ed (RedKnot): First of all, this is total totally agree. this is, so I've been learning vibe coding, not web 3, but I've just been learning for the last few months with the free classes available to the think community and I think something like this would have been super helpful when I was starting out. I was talking about this a little bit yesterday, too. But, what you said right in the beginning is there's a million ways to go about solving any of these problems. And I think for someone starting, just having paint by numbers, like A to B to C, just do these exact steps to get it working and to experience that yourself, I think is really helpful.
Ed (RedKnot): And then something like Nick's open builds that he does three times a week are fantastic for just learning the whole universe of stuff out there. but yeah, I think this is just an awesome way for a new person to just get into,…
Ed (RedKnot): just do it one time and figure it out.  So yeah, I really love that you've built it to be handhold really well for people who are just starting
00:50:00
Garrett Minks: Yeah,…
Garrett Minks: thanks Yes, I asked some questions about railway and stuff. Right. Exactly. There's a million million different ways to Sabala is another one that I think kind of is trying to put Burcell and Superb Base together into one complete end to end thing. but yeah, at least I don't know. everybody can use whatever, stack they want, but at least it seems to be kind of coalesing that these two players have, I think a very generous take rate compared to a 30% app store fee, Versell and Superbase are effectively free until you get to thousands of users.
Nicholas Massey: Have you thought about condensing the entire experience into an MCP server so they just have to download an MCP and…
Nicholas Massey: just run it through that?
Garrett Minks: probably not that far away.
Garrett Minks: Probably not that far away. yeah, I mean, yeah. as you do this stuff, you feel like a monkey in the middle that is every day doing slightly less stuff. So, could it just go out and read the guide itself and do everything for you? I think with this browser thing in cursor it's possible that it makes all the Coinbase developer program credentials and downloads the API keys and yeah there's still just a tiny bit of manual stuff that's still needed but yeah perhaps
Nicholas Massey: Once you get the MCP together, you could integrate it directly into the Think OS browser so people can just chat with it there and get stuff spun up pretty quickly and easily. I plan on integrating several coding and agentic infrastructure to put them in place so it'll actually build code for you and…
Nicholas Massey: push it to GitHub and all that stuff. So this will just be another supplementation of how to get it all started from the beginning.
Garrett Minks: Yeah. Yeah,…
Garrett Minks: that's super cool. Yeah, I think ultimately that's probably this super guide thing that I've put behind some tokens. Yeah. not to go off topic, but yeah, that X42 stuff is also quite fascinating where you're paying tokens to query APIs directly. But yeah, totally I agree, Nick.
Ed (RedKnot): Yeah. What is your long-term vision for this? yeah, I understand why you built it get a lot more swings at the back and a lot more builders into web 3 to start being creative and…
Ed (RedKnot): doing things. I think that's what I heard from you. But I guess how do you imagine growing it over time as things get smarter and
Garrett Minks: Yeah. …
Garrett Minks: some previous work that we did also with dinari was a whole GitHub syncing engine that would scrape and see what was going on in GitHub and then send people tokens for doing things, like submitting PRs such. and we had a whole little kind of tokconomics thing built around that. And I think now with this thing that I just showed today, that would really help kind of complete the wheel between those two concepts.
Garrett Minks: So I think every big foundation blockchain top 100 project should have a vers maybe it's not versell superbase but I think versel superbase their thing default AI starter kit that somebody can clone and actually get a good result because they have all these amazing infrastructure but it's so inaccessible because they haven't made it easy to use.  So I guess where I'd ultimately love to go with this is that dozens hundreds of web3 projects have canonical default professionally engineered AI starter kit and that if people add to it and make new stuff and make it better then they get rewarded and tokens for doing
Ed (RedKnot): What's the So Doodles would have their own AI starter kit and that's for their community to build off I'm not quite understanding what gotcha.
Garrett Minks: Doodle I don't know do more this base Coinbase thing could be the default AI starter kit for you to build a base app quickly.
Garrett Minks: Yeah. Yeah. yeah, we're talking to a few other Bezos pretty deep into conversations with Hideera, a but yeah, that's kind of the goal is, make their stuff more accessible with this kind of pre-done template.
00:55:00
Patrick Polzin: Any other questions for Garrett? All right. hey,…
Garrett Minks: Cool.
Garrett Minks: Thanks for showing up everybody and…
Patrick Polzin: thanks so much for coming. Yeah. Yeah,…
Garrett Minks: thanks Patrick for organizing and then I'd love the recording as well because I want to feed the transcript in and see if I can make the starter get better. So, Sick.
Patrick Polzin: I know. I'll get that to you for sure.
Garrett Minks: Yeah. thanks thanks for hanging out on a Friday, everybody. hope you enjoy it or get some value out of it. And then the starter kit is totally open source. So, yeah, if somebody wants to build the abstracted base app and play with those tools, it's more accessible than it ever has been.
Patrick Polzin: Hey Garrett, one last thing. if people have any questions or…
Patrick Polzin: want to get in contact with you, what's the best way for them to reach out to you?
Garrett Minks: Good question.
Garrett Minks: I'll put my Telegram handle up here.
Garrett Minks: And if you want to send me an old school email, you can amazing.
Patrick Polzin: All right.
Patrick Polzin: So, I'll send this over right after we finish up here. Thanks so much, guys.
Garrett Minks: thank thanks so much everybody. Okay.
Meeting ended after 00:56:39 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.